( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
People with high ideals will never die.
The spirit of the harmonica lasts forever.
What's with the 'Binjiang Times'?
Publishing anti-Manchu remarks
to sabotage the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere.
Especially the article in it,
which openly complains about Gu Xiaoxiong's death.
It points
directly at the Police Department
and at me.
Who is the author?
The author of this article is Zhou Zhi.
He is an accomplice of Gu Xiaoxiong.
As the Chief of the Special Branch,
what do you even do?
Why aren't you arresting such an anti-Japanese element?
Keep him alive
so he can use his pen to confuse the public
and go against the Great Japanese Empire?
I just found out about this person.
I will issue a wanted poster immediately,
post it on the streets,
and do everything to arrest him.
Suspect Zhou Zhi
publicly made anti-Manchurian remarks,
vainly attempting to destroy the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere,
shaking public confidence,
and endangering public security.
Who are you?
What are you doing?
Where is the guy who just passed by?
Who? I don't know.
Get lost.
Mr. Zhou, come with me.
Where to?
This way.
Okay.
Thank you.
Brother Shen.
Mr. Zhou is Xiaoxiong's friend
and a frequent visitor to our harmonica club.
Today, I want to specially thank
Mr. Shen for coming to my rescue.
Mr. Zhou, there's no need for that.
Actually, I am also a regular at the harmonica club.
Please sit.
Brother, this is the author who serializes
martial arts novels in the Binjiang Times,
Yisuo Yanyu.
Really?
I'm flattered.
Mr. Zhou,
I don't have much education,
but your novel in the literature section on the third page,
I read it every issue.
I can tell
the big villain you mentioned
is an allusion to the Japanese.
I've finally met someone who truly understands me today.
I definitely deserve to be called that.
Every issue of your novel,
I cut out
and bind into a book.
When I can't sleep at night,
I'll flip through it.
Mr. Zhou, could you reveal
in the ending,
how it turns out for that big villain?
Mr. Shen,
I'm sorry.
I'm afraid
you won't be able to see my ending.
Look at me.
I'm stuck at my desk all day,
writing either novels or editorials.
But nothing can stop the iron hooves of the Japanese.
Besides,
I can no longer stay in Harbin.
I've made up my mind
to go to the rear area.
Mr. Zhou.
How do you plan to leave Harbin?
That's exactly what I'm worrying about.
I was going to discuss it with Miss Qin,
but when I got to the street,
I was tailed by spies.
Shen.
I was thinking of
having Mr. Zhou leave
with the kids from the harmonica club.
Chen Yu is about to become our comrade.
He will help too.
No problem.
Don't worry.
I will do my best
to help you leave Harbin safely.
Thank you.
Don't thank me yet.
If I send you to the rear,
you must promise me one thing.
Go ahead.
Hurry up and write the ending for me.
I'm waiting to read it.
Okay.
I promise you.
Good. It's settled.
Don't worry, Mr. Zhou.
It's safe now.
Thank you.
Miss Qin.
Goodbye.
Mr. Zhou, have a safe trip.
Rest assured.
When I get there,
I will tell everyone
that the harmonica in Harbin is still playing.
Goodbye, Boss Shen.
We'll meet again.
Words cannot express my gratitude.
Goodbye.
Goodbye, Xiao Lin and Xiao Zhou.
Take care of everyone.
You don't need to worry.
With Zhan Li and A Jin on the way,
the children will be fine.
Once across the river and in Acheng,
that's the jurisdiction of the Third Squadron.
Captain Liu
is a good friend of mine for many years.
As long as the comrades at the liaison point
send Mr. Zhou and the children
to the Great Rear Area in the southwest,
they will be safe.
They are safe now.
Have you thought about yourself?
If Matsuda finds out
you transferred the children,
you will be in big trouble.
Yes, brother.
I advised Sister Qin several times
to go with the children,
but she wouldn't listen.
I'll tell you the truth.
The reason it went so smoothly this time
is because Chen Yu
temporarily transferred the special task force away for half an hour.
If the situation changes,
when you want to leave,
it won't be so easy.
I won't leave.
I am needed here.
From my first day in Harbin,
I never thought about getting out unscathed.
Don't forget you are a girl.
If you really fall into the hands of the Japanese,
you won't be able to handle it.
I will absolutely not let them catch me.
For so many years, I've lived every day
as if it were my last.
Danger is always there.
One careless step,
and I won't see tomorrow's sun.
Actually, I think
you and Lingzi
don't need to live like this.
Think about it,
you can change your way of living.
With our country in peril,
we must burn in the dark night.
Lingzi knows,
and the telegraph operators know too.
What we transmit is not radio waves.
What do you mean?
What we transmit is the appearance of spring.
I like that.
When spring comes,
it won't be so cold.
Alright.
Lingzi and I will escort you back to the Harmonica Society.
Is this Datong Firm?
Datong Firm.
Mr. Shen.
It's me, Qian Yugui.
Section Chief Qian.
Don't worry.
President Wang has promised to help you look for it.
Take it easy.
It will take two or three days.
There will surely be definite news.
Okay, thank you, Mr. Shen.
I will wait for your news.
Okay.
Brother, Sister Qin is here.
Brother Shen.
What's wrong?
Lingzi just got some important intel.
The Japanese Takeuchi Unit
and the Jingan Army
are going to execute a pincer movement
on the North Manchuria Anti-Japanese United Army.
So tonight,
I want Cheng Lin and Suying
to send the intel to the United Army
so the troops can relocate in advance.
What time are you transmitting?
Tonight at 9:30.
Okay, transmit on time.
Remember,
don't transmit it early.
Okay.
Brother, when dealing with Suzuki Kang,
you must be careful.
Don't worry.
At least for tonight,
he won't be able to find you.
Mr. Suzuki,
look.
Hurry up!
Towards the southeast corner.
Let's begin.
Over there,
that factory with the lights on.
Mr. Suzuki,
suspicious radio waves detected.
The signal is very strong.
Chief Qian,
you and Deputy Chief Chen lead the team
to search over there carefully.
Yes.
Mr. Suzuki, over here.
Leave a team for me.
Okay.
Squad One, get off.
You follow Officer Suzuki.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Suzuki,
maybe Deputy Section Chief Chen and I
should just follow you.
Section Chief Qian,
are you questioning
the soldiers of the Great Japanese Empire?
I wouldn't dare.
Follow me.
Get in. We need to hurry.
This way.
Another jammer.
Bastard.
Hurry up.
Sent.
Okay, pack up.
Strange.
The signal is gone.
Great.
All for nothing again.
I wonder how Mr. Suzuki is doing.
Take him away.